there is like a tribe of dogs at this
house like I don't want to show you
their house time I don't know to jail
but fucking they're receiving orders
from the station those dogs are really
like some type of superhero canines or
some shit if I'm at the camera this
close I'm going to light lotion on there
some shit yo I don't like I don't know
what the meaning of your life is this is
gonna be somewhat of a rant I guess
because you know I kind of was thinking
about my childhood shows and I was kind
of watching them too but uh kind of made
me think like you know what today I
don't like um nothing on TV cartoons
Disney Nick I scroll through it
sometimes when I watch TV very rarely I
scroll through it and I go back and
forth between those channels back and
forth like what is this even starting
with the younger ages like the learning
stages of like cartoons or whatever what
the fuck is your Gabba Gabba Yo Gabba
this day I don't know if like you watch
like I I watched Rolie Polie Olie
I watched PB&J otter I watched fuckin
Big Bear and the blue house I fucked up
bear the big blue house
Maggie and the ferocious beast out of
the box
Oh Travis why to be such a hipster like
it's 2013 get the fuck over it are you
us are you a little boy are you a little
boy fuck you okay I'm gonna do me you do
you but yes I would prefer being a kid
like I will be a kid forever I will talk
about this forever because why not been
10 like more like been bitch my mind is
gonna like explode from like all the
shows that I want to like bring up right
now but I really can't cuz there's
trillions
let's all go play together in the room
you will go through I'm glad that I have
most of my view and all of my VHS is
that I have from a kid every every
Rugrats on VHS we really do this out
here we out here boy dr. Ornish tapes I
don't know if they're still Orange how
the fuck they gonna be orange
jackass used DVDs now I wasn't trying to
make like a hipster statement cat doll
you know a matter of fact come on come
home with your boy Pete this nigga what
is this playing on a VCR okay
a VCR I have shit on VHS recorded and I
watch it now and they have commercials
talking about new hey Arnold's coming
next week what the fuck
like the Rugrats didn't even go to Paris
yet do you see this like I remember when
I used to go to sleep I would be on
Cartoon Network because that's when the
cartoons were still on yeah I'm gonna
sleep too like the decks of laboratories
or like Johnny Bravo cow and chicken I
are weasel and Flintstones and like
usually I would be turned around not
looking at the TV and I would hear the
bats like Scooby dooby doo where were
you at cuz they were so faded angry
beavers up next and shit KaBlam fuck out
of here Nick Cannon boy before Mariah
and Disney like what the fuck like I
mean keep doing your thing cuz you're
putting out these these girls that turn
into slut alysha's babes and I like that
but like back then you had cartoons and
shows yeah like brown family you had
like even Stevens you had like
everything I'm just saying I mean it--
all the kids that were born i guess
after everything started to decline I'm
sorry
instead anybody that got a nostalgic
feeling from this I love you too but let
me go ahead and get on out of here
before I'd make this way too long if you
liked the video like the video subscribe
to me you know stick around catch you
next time and if you fuck with me come
fuck with me boy wait Travis Travis Oh
No